I'm not nervous I'm actually excited
there's been a lot of hard work that has
gone into you know coming to this point
it's been a journey of a year and a half
so yes and I've got such an amazing star
cast you know that they've made this
journey worth every minute of that very
simple first we wrote a script and then
based on what the need of the character
was we said we had a discussion who
would suit the character and we went to
people and said ask them whether they
would do the role and I think everyone
here loved the script and everyone was
happy and glad to do it but I think we
should mention that this man had the
idea to start with he got it all started
I think the Basie magic part of it is
the fact that you know wonderfully sheis
characters who brings about a lovely
change in way things to way things go
over the way things unfold and I think
what the idea is when you say they see
you know we are emotionally attached to
you know they see Pun they seen is you
know whichever part of the world we are
gonna Misha for a while now she's you
know a show Horrible Bosses she's not
one of them right she's a cool boss
she's actually like she's she
manipulates herself into every role she
helps you she's fun at the same time
she's like a party person but without
the pie - the parting so she's like yeah
she's like how I'm talking to you yes